Concepts learnt:

JSX: Java Script XML
This is the type of file, we use to make react components.
It extends react components and return it that can be reused at multiple places.


Rendering Lists:
We need to map the values to the jsx script. It maybe the state values and we use 
this.state.property_name for it.


Conditional Rendering:
This is rendering based on some conditions and can be done using functions


Handling Events: 
Event Handling are the events like onClick, onChange, etc. and again can be handled using functions.
Also, the parameters passing is to be done properly between different hierarchy or react
components using this.Props


Updating the state:
States is always local to the file and shouldn't be updated outside of it.
States should not be updated directly as it can lead to sever untraceable bugs. So, we should use
this.setState() function and [...variable] i.e. spread operator.


Props - Pass Data:
It is used to pass data from parents to children react components. 
To pass variable directly, we can declare it in jsx script for the component. There is also a
children property for props and can be used using this.props.children


Raising and Handling Events:
Events can be raised from children and handled in parents or wherever the states are defined.


Lifting the state - Multiple components in sync
In case states are to be accessed on same level where they are not accessible, then states and
their function handling are moved above or lifted to parents till wherever it is required, comes
under the files where the states are lifted.


Functional Components:
These are the individual react components with some functional meaning. In case there are no states,
functions and very simple component, then it is called Stateless functional component.


Lifecycle Hooks:
These are the phases that programs goes through at certain points during the lifecycle of a program.
Main phases and their functions are:
MOUNT: constuctor, render, componentDidMount
UPDATE: render, componentDidUpdate
UNMOUNT: componentWillUnmount